Add gated EAR + platform broker (WAM) e2e tests (#8774)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: samples/msal-browser-samples/ExpressSample/README.md

- The Profile page will automatically fetch and display your user information from MS Graph.
- Navigating to the `http://localhost:3000/playground` route will take you to the MSAL.js playground where you can experiment with different configurations and requests

## Running the e2e tests

The Puppeteer e2e tests live in [`./test`](./test). The EAR (Encrypted Authorize Response) suite is in [`./test/browserEAR.spec.ts`](./test/browserEAR.spec.ts).

> That file also contains an `EAR + Platform Broker (WAM) Tests` suite that exercises EAR combined with the native platform broker (WAM). It is `describe.skip` by default because WAM is only available locally (not in CI). To run it locally, change `describe.skip` to `describe` and first set `SSO_EXTENSION_PATH` to the unpacked "Microsoft Single Sign On" extension directory (the folder containing its `manifest.json`):

Author: ```suggestion
That file also contains an `EAR + Platform Broker (WAM) Tests` suite that exercises EAR combined with the platform broker. It is `describe.skip` by default for now because platform broker is only available locally (not in CI). To run it locally, change `describe.skip` to `describe` and first set `SSO_EXTENSION_PATH` to the unpacked "Microsoft Single Sign On" extension directory (the folder containing its `manifest.json`):
```

> That file also contains an `EAR + Platform Broker Tests` suite that exercises EAR combined with the platform broker. It is `describe.skip` by default for now because platform broker is only available locally (not in CI). To run it locally, change `describe.skip` to `describe` and first set `SSO_EXTENSION_PATH` to the unpacked "Microsoft Single Sign On" extension directory (the folder containing its `manifest.json`):

Reviewer: @lalimasharda my DPoP PR add's spec filtering for ExpressSample. We can avoid having these tests run in CI by merging that PR first and just not adding the spec file to the filter.

Separately, if these are WAM + EAR tests specifically, can we change the file name? browserEAR is misleading.
